GUIDELINES.md, before:

# Guidelines

## Design guidelines

### Proxy

Proxy contract does not hold user data. Any modification to proxy contract should be as general as possible. Avoid modifying proxy contract to meet the need of specific Dapp.

### Registry

Registry contract provides storage for an address to bytes32 dictionary. Similar to the idea of designing proxy, avoid unnecessary modifications for specific service integration.

### Handler

Handler plays the main role to interact with external services. Remember the code of handler will be executed from proxy through a **delegate call**.

## Style guidelines

Code will be refined through **prettier** before commit.

### General

#### Default to Solidity's official style guide

Follow the official [solidity style guide](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/style-guide.html).

#### Handler naming

A new folder named after the service name should be created in `contracts/handlers`. The handler's file name and the contract name should be identical, begins with a uppercase H, such as `contracts/handlers/furucombo/HFurucombo.sol`. To interact with external service, you may import the interface in an independent file. The file name and the contract name should be identical and begins with an uppercase I, such as `contracts/handlers/furucombo/IFurucombo.sol`.

#### Handler implementation

Every handler MUST inherit [HandlerBase](https://garage.dinngo.co/hackathon-black/legocontract/blob/develop/contracts/handlers/HandlerBase.sol). Every handler MUST update the post processor. There are currently two kinds of post processor

1.  Token refunding. If a new token will involve after the interaction with the external service, be sure to update through `_updateToken()`.
2.  Customized. If a customized function is required, the function should be implemented under `function postProcess()` in the handler contract. Different post process within a same handler contract is differed by the signature of the function, which means the implementation should get the function signature through `cache.getSig()` first, then follow-up by getting the parameters through `cache.get()`. The parameters will be passed by `_updatePostProcess(bytes32[] memory params)`, which should be called at the end of the handler function.

External parameters should be declared as a constant.
Handler functions should be declared as **payable** no matter it deals with ether or not.
Failed external service calls should always be reverted.
External calls should be handled by `try/catch`. You may use `_revertMsg()` to note the executing function name and reason.
Return value is important to provide information for the execution of other functions. You should bypass the values from the external call. If the external call does not provide return values, you may calculate it in the handler. Static types of return value would be the best. If reference types are used, the size MUST be defined by the function parameters. Run-time defined size might cause unexpected problems.

### Tests

#### Tests should always be implemented

Tests should be short and capable to present the function of handlers, including revert cases to prove the robustness.

#### Tests must not be random

Tests will be ran under the snapshot of current mainnet, which means that the chain status will not be always the same. However, the test should not fail and should be as robust as possible.

Commit message:

Update `GUIDELINES.md` for getting entire balance

GUIDELINES.md, after:

# Guidelines

## Design guidelines

### Proxy

Proxy contract does not hold user data. Any modification to proxy contract should be as general as possible. Avoid modifying proxy contract to meet the need of specific Dapp.

### Registry

Registry contract provides storage for an address to bytes32 dictionary. Similar to the idea of designing proxy, avoid unnecessary modifications for specific service integration.

### Handler

Handler plays the main role to interact with external services. Remember the code of handler will be executed from proxy through a **delegate call**.

## Style guidelines

Code will be refined through **prettier** before commit.

### General

#### Default to Solidity's official style guide

Follow the official [solidity style guide](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/style-guide.html).

#### Handler naming

A new folder named after the service name should be created in `contracts/handlers`. The handler's file name and the contract name should be identical, begins with a uppercase H, such as `contracts/handlers/furucombo/HFurucombo.sol`. To interact with external service, you may import the interface in an independent file. The file name and the contract name should be identical and begins with an uppercase I, such as `contracts/handlers/furucombo/IFurucombo.sol`.

#### Handler implementation

Every handler MUST inherit [HandlerBase](https://garage.dinngo.co/hackathon-black/legocontract/blob/develop/contracts/handlers/HandlerBase.sol). Every handler MUST update the post processor. There are currently two kinds of post processor

1.  Token refunding. If a new token will involve after the interaction with the external service, be sure to update through `_updateToken()`.
2.  Customized. If a customized function is required, the function should be implemented under `function postProcess()` in the handler contract. Different post process within a same handler contract is differed by the signature of the function, which means the implementation should get the function signature through `cache.getSig()` first, then follow-up by getting the parameters through `cache.get()`. The parameters will be passed by `_updatePostProcess(bytes32[] memory params)`, which should be called at the end of the handler function.

External parameters should be declared as a constant.
Handler functions should be declared as **payable** no matter it deals with ether or not.
Failed external service calls should always be reverted.
External calls should be handled by `try/catch`. You may use `_revertMsg()` to note the executing function name and reason.
You may wrap the balance parameter by using `_getBalance()`, which will fetch the current balance in proxy to do the following work by passing `uint256(-1)` in the parameter.

Return value is important to provide information for the execution of other functions. You should bypass the values from the external call. If the external call does not provide return values, you may calculate it in the handler. Static types of return value would be the best. If reference types are used, the size MUST be defined by the function parameters. Run-time defined size might cause unexpected problems.

### Tests

#### Tests should always be implemented

Tests should be short and capable to present the function of handlers, including revert cases to prove the robustness.

#### Tests must not be random

Tests will be ran under the snapshot of current mainnet, which means that the chain status will not be always the same. However, the test should not fail and should be as robust as possible.
