.gitlab/merge_request_templates/default_mr_template.md, before:

## What does this MR do and why?

_Describe in detail what your merge request does and why._

<!--
Please keep this description updated. Any discussion that related to this merge request
are useful for reviewers better understand your changes. Keeping the description updated is
especially important if they didn't participate in the discussion.
-->

## MR acceptance checklist

These checklists encourage us to confirm any changes have been analyzed to reduce risks in quality, security, and maintainability.

### Quality

- [ ] Implementation follows the [guidelines](GUIDELINES.md) of the project.
- [ ] Coding style follows the [Coding Style](https://app.asana.com/0/1110393615095724/1202201092359525/f).
- [ ] Unit tests(include all reverted cases) are provided and passed.
- [ ] Unused code are removed.
- [ ] Functions are written with comments.

### Security

- [ ] Code coverage report is provided.

### Documentation

- [ ] Changes are noted in the change log.
- [ ] Add the new document if needed(optional).

### Deployment

- [ ] Deployment file is provided.

Commit message:

feat: add static analysis part. move unit tests part to Security section

.gitlab/merge_request_templates/default_mr_template.md, after:

## What does this MR do and why?

_Describe in detail what your merge request does and why._

<!--
Please keep this description updated. Any discussion that related to this merge request
are useful for reviewers better understand your changes. Keeping the description updated is
especially important if they didn't participate in the discussion.
-->

## MR acceptance checklist

These checklists encourage us to confirm any changes have been analyzed to reduce risks in quality, security, and maintainability.

### Quality

- [ ] Implementation follows the [guidelines](GUIDELINES.md) of the project.
- [ ] Coding style follows the [Coding Style](https://app.asana.com/0/1110393615095724/1202201092359525/f).
- [ ] Unused code are removed.
- [ ] Functions are written with comments.

### Security

- [ ] Unit tests(include all reverted cases) are provided and passed.
- [ ] Code coverage report is provided.
- [ ] Static analysis report is reviewed.

### Documentation

- [ ] Changes are noted in the change log.
- [ ] Add the new document if needed(optional).

### Deployment

- [ ] Deployment file is provided.
